A computer scientist is someone ... who fixed a problem you did not know you had in a way you do not understand
There are only two hard things in Computer Science cache invalidation ... and naming things
A programmer had a problem ... and decided to use Java now he has a ProblemFactory
I would tell you a joke about UDP ... but you might not get it
A programmer is told to go to hell he responds finally some peace ... and quiet without meetings
Real programmers count from zero
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance
I decided to name my cat syntax ... because he never follows the rules
To understand what recursion is you must first understand what recursion is
Hardware is the part of a computer ... that you can kick
I would tell you a joke about a broken printer ... but it does not have the right character
Why did the programmer quit his job ... Because he did not get arrays
A SQL query walks into a bar walks up to two tables and asks Can ... I join you
One hundred ... and one reasons why programmers are always tired number one they never sleep
I had a problem so I used regular expressions now ... I have two problems
There is no place like 127.0.0.1
A web developer walks into a restaurant and leaves immediately ... because the table layout was terrible
The best thing about a boolean is even ... if you are wrong you are only off by a bit
My code does not work and I have no idea why my code works and ... I have no idea why
Software is like sex it is better ... when it is free
Java developers wear glasses ... because they cannot C sharp
Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas ... Because Oct 31 equals Dec 25
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it
A user interface is like a joke ... if you have to explain it it is not that good
I love pressing F5 it is so refreshing
The programmer got stuck in the shower ... because the instructions on the shampoo said Lather Rinse Repeat
An optimist says the glass is half full a pessimist says the glass is half empty a programmer says the glass is twice as large as necessary
I was going to tell a joke about a server ... but it is currently down
Why did the developer go broke ... Because he used up all his cache
Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes
A byte walks into a bar and orders a pint the bartender says for you ... that is on the house
Keyboard not found press any key to continue
Life would be much easier ... if we had the source code
C is the only language ... that looks the same before and after a malware attack
Why do programmers prefer dark mode ... Because light attracts bugs
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways ... before crossing a one way street
My software never has bugs it just develops random features
Computers are like air conditioners they stop working ... when you open windows
There are two types of people those who understand binary ... and those who get laid
Programmers are the only people ... who can be productive while staring blankly at a screen
Debugging is like being the detective in a crime movie ... where you are also the murderer
Code never lies comments sometimes do
I was going to tell you a joke about a firewall ... but it was blocked
Why did the JavaScript developer walk out of the bar ... Because of the async nature of the drinks
An SEO expert walks into a bar bars pub public house irish pub drinks beer wine spirits
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity
A computer once beat me at chess ... but it was no match for me at kickboxing
The computer was born to solve problems ... that did not exist before
If at first you do not succeed call it version one point zero
I do not need a therapist ... I have stack overflow
Why did the programmer go to the beach ... Because he wanted to test his sand box
Computers make very fast very accurate mistakes
Linux is free only ... if your time has no value
A programmer had a heart attack ... because he could not find the exit of an infinite loop
The best part about being a programmer is you can tell your boss you are working while you are just waiting for the code to compile
I told my wife I was an architect she was disappointed to find out ... I build websites
Why did the computer show up late to work ... Because it had a hard drive
Ninety percent of project management is just asking for status updates
The five stages of debugging denial anger bargaining depression ... and acceptance
A long time ago in a galaxy far far away someone actually documented their code
I am not lazy ... I am just on power save mode
Why was the mobile phone wearing glasses ... Because it lost its contacts
Behind every successful coder is a substantial amount of caffeine
If you think your users are idiots you are probably right
Programming is the art of telling another human what you want the computer to do
Why do Python programmers have bad vision ... Because they cannot C
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered drawer
My computer is so slow it takes fifteen minutes to do nothing
Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve
The internet is the only place where you can be anything ... and people choose to be offended
Why did the database administrator leave his wife ... Because she had too many relationships
Computers are fast ... but humans are creative
The code is the documentation
Why was the function so stressed ... Because it had too many arguments
I would tell you a joke about a loop ... but you have already heard it
Hardware is what makes a computer look expensive software is what makes it look useless
A programmer is a person who spends ten hours to automate a task ... that takes ten minutes
Why did the computer get cold ... Because it left its Windows open
Documentation is like sex ... when it is good it is very good when it is bad it is better than nothing
My dog ate my hard drive now he has a lot of megabytes
Why do programmers hate nature Too many branches
If you put a million monkeys at a million keyboards one of them will eventually write a Java program
The difference between a bug ... and a feature is the price tag
Why was the developer so happy ... Because he finally found his key
A link is only as strong as its weakest click
My computer is my best friend it never judges me for my browser history
Why did the robot go on a diet ... Because he had too many bytes
Computers do not think they just follow orders
The only thing constant in programming is change
Why did the programmer get kicked out of the party ... Because he kept trying to escape the string
I would tell you a joke about a cloud ... but it is over your head
Every programmer is a writer of horror stories
Why did the web designer get lost ... Because he could not find the home page
The best way to get a project done on time is to not start it
A computer is like a submarine once you open a window the problems start
Why did the coder get fired ... Because he kept losing his focus
Success in programming is one percent talent ... and ninety nine percent stack overflow
I am not a nerd ... I am just smarter than your computer
Why did the laptop go to the doctor ... Because it had a virus
The only way to go fast is to go well
Why did the programmer bring a ladder to work ... Because he wanted to reach the high level language
A computer is a machine ... that turns coffee into frustration
Why do computers like to snack on microchips
The best code is the code you never had to write
Why did the mouse go to school ... To learn how to click
I do not hate people ... I just prefer my computer
Why did the programmer go to the doctor ... Because he had a recursive headache
The world is a better place ... because of open source
Why was the server so polite ... Because it always waited for a response
A programmer in the woods is just a lost person with a laptop
Why did the computer go to the gym ... To improve its processing power
The only thing worse than no documentation is wrong documentation
Why did the developer stay at home ... Because he was in a local host
A computer is the only thing ... that gets faster as it gets older
Why did the programmer get a ticket ... Because he was caught in a buffer overflow
The best way to find a bug is to show your code to someone else
Why did the robot go to the dance ... To do the algorithm
A computer is a tool for the mind
Why did the programmer go to the store ... To get some Java
The only way to be sure is to check the logs
Why did the computer get a promotion ... Because it was outstanding in its field
A programmer is a person ... who can turn a simple task into a complex project
Why did the web developer go to the beach ... To see the waves
The only thing better than a good programmer is a lucky one
Why did the computer go to the library ... To get more memory
A computer is a window to the world
Why did the programmer go to the party ... To meet new interfaces
The only way to learn is to fail
Why did the robot go to the doctor ... Because it had a squeaky joint
A computer is a friend for life
Why did the programmer go to the park ... To see the trees
The only way to be happy is to delete your social media
Why did the computer go to the cinema ... To see the big screen
A programmer is a person ... who can solve a problem you did not know you had
Why did the web developer go to the mountains ... To find a better signal
The only way to be free is to use Linux
Why did the robot go to the museum ... To see the ancient hardware
A computer is a miracle of technology
Why did the programmer go to the cafe ... To get some inspiration
The only way to be sure is to run the tests
Why did the computer go to the bank ... To check its balance
A programmer is a person ... who loves logic
Why did the web developer go to the zoo ... To see the fire fox
The only way to be fast is to be efficient
Why did the robot go to the moon ... To find a better connection
A computer is a portal to another dimension
Why did the programmer go to the desert ... To find some dry code
The only way to be safe is to use a strong password
Why did the computer go to the doctor ... Because it had a bad sector
A programmer is a person ... who can build anything
Why did the web developer go to the city ... To find a better job
The only way to be cool is to use dark mode
Why did the robot go to the forest ... To find some bugs
A computer is a gift to humanity
Why did the programmer go to the beach ... To find some shells
The only way to be smart is to keep learning
Why did the computer go to the kitchen ... To get some chips
A programmer is a person ... who can change the world
Why did the web developer go to the sea ... To see the site
The only way to be productive is to focus
Why did the robot go to the space ... To find some stars
A computer is a masterpiece of engineering
Why did the programmer go to the sky ... To find some cloud storage
The only way to be successful is to work hard
Why did the computer go to the garden ... To find some roots
A programmer is a person ... who can make dreams come true
Why did the web developer go to the farm ... To see the fields
The only way to be happy is to code
Why did the robot go to the ocean ... To find some deep learning
A computer is a source of endless fun
Why did the programmer go to the moon ... To find some lunar code
The only way to be great is to be passionate
Why did the computer go to the mountain ... To find some peak performance
A programmer is a person ... who can do magic
Why did the web developer go to the island ... To find some isolation
The only way to be free is to be yourself
Why did the robot go to the sun ... To find some solar power
A computer is a companion for the journey
Why did the programmer go to the stars ... To find some cosmic code
The only way to be sure is to verify
Why did the computer go to the earth ... To find some grounding
A programmer is a person ... who can solve anything
Why did the web developer go to the universe ... To find some space
The only way to be happy is to be offline
Why did the robot go to the party ... To have some binary fun
A computer is a bridge to the future
Why did the programmer go to the light ... To find some clarity
The only way to be fast is to be simple
Why did the computer go to the world ... To find some connection
A programmer is a person ... who can create anything
Why did the web developer go to the life ... To find some meaning
The only way to be happy is to be kind
Why did the robot go to the soul ... To find some spirit
A computer is a mirror of the mind
Why did the programmer go to the heart ... To find some love
The only way to be sure is to believe
Why did the computer go to the end ... To find some closure
A programmer is a person ... who can finish anything
Why did the web developer go to the beginning ... To find some start
The only way to be happy is to be present
Why did the robot go to the truth ... To find some reality
A computer is a tool for the soul
Why did the programmer go to the peace ... To find some quiet
The only way to be free is to be online
Why did the computer go to the infinity ... To find some limit
A programmer is a person ... who can reach the stars
Why did the web developer go to the dream ... To find some reality
The only way to be happy is to be free
Why did the robot go to the love ... To find some heart
A computer is a miracle of life
Why did the programmer go to the future ... To find some hope
The only way to be sure is to know
Why did the computer go to the wisdom ... To find some truth
A programmer is a person ... who can see the future
Why did the web developer go to the light ... To find some sight
The only way to be happy is to be wise
Why did the robot go to the joy ... To find some laughter
A computer is a friend to all
Why did the programmer go to the success ... To find some failure
The only way to be free is to be brave
Why did the computer go to the courage ... To find some strength
A programmer is a person ... who can do anything
Why did the web developer go to the victory ... To find some defeat
The only way to be happy is to be strong
Why did the robot go to the power ... To find some energy
A computer is a power for good
Why did the programmer go to the speed ... To find some time
The only way to be sure is to be fast
Why did the computer go to the time ... To find some space
A programmer is a person ... who can save the world
Why did the web developer go to the space ... To find some time
The only way to be happy is to be fast
Why did the robot go to the time ... To find some space
A computer is a tool for the future
Why did the programmer go to the space ... To find some time
The only way to be sure is to be fast
Why did the computer go to the time ... To find some space
